SENIOR FULL-STACK DEVELOPER

Zdenek Hynek

A full-stack developer with over 10 years of experience in developing innovative and data-rich websites, platforms and digital products. He works
at the intersection of data and tech, strives to make complicated things simple and enjoys deleting old code.

Selected work

Syntensor    				         	                   Private alpha
React, Redux, d3.js, Canvas, Python, Typescript, Node.js, MySQL, ElasticSearch, AWS
An alpha version of platform for analysing inferences of ML model predicting the effect of a drug candidate on human biology. Built with React and Node REST API

Key challenges
Collaborating with bioinformaticians, ML research engineers and product designers on scoping and defining prototypes of the platform  
Visualising biological pathways
Building complex UI allowing for the analysis of millions of data points
Designing and building efficient backend ingesting GBs of data
Learning functional basics of biology, mathematics for graph machine learning and essentials of distributed computing for AI model infrastructure

REIMAGINE THE GAME     	                  reimaginethegame.economist.com
React, Redux, d3.js, Canvas, WebGL, Tensorflow.js, Node.js

Data-driven microsite telling a story of FC Bayern matches with thousands of data points captured within key moments in the game

Key challenges
Collaborating with audio engineers on designing a bespoke pipeline for 3d audio processing
Training a machine learning model for digit recognition in a video
Design processes and developing tooling which would enable curation and processing of data during and after the game
Developing a large number of flexible visualisations allowing for quick prototyping
Ensuring functionality of audio players and WebGL visualisation across all target browsers and devices

UPROAR TOOLS     			                              tools.uproar.fyi
Django. Python. Selenium. Postgres, React, d3.js, AWS

A digital tool to help civil society advocate and lobby for digital rights at the United Nations. Role Full-stack developer building up the Django backend, Selenium scrapers and React apps for front-end.

Key challenges 
Designing ranking algorithm for the best recommendations
Collaborating with product designer and human-rights activists on requirements gathering, prototyping and user-testing
Scraping, parsing and cleaning data from an obsolete website
Implementing performant full-text search over 1000s of documents

ELECTRIC INSIGHTS    	          		                    ELECTRICINSIGHTS.CO.UK
React, Redux, d3.js. Mocha. Chai. Express. Node.js. MongoDB

An interactive visualization of the real-time breakdown of the electricity production in the UK

Key challenges 
Leading the front-end development of high-performant visualisations
Collaborating with backend developer and domain experts on scraping strategies and the design of APIs
Long-term maintenance and hot fixes of MongoDb/Express backend

Implementing performant full-text search over 1000s of documents.


Skills

Frontend
Javascript/Typescript
React, React Hooks, Redux
d3.js, SVG, canvas, WebGL
Electron
Jest, Mocha, Chai
NPM, Webpack
CSS, CSS Modules, CSS-IN-JS
Storybook

Backend
Node.js, Express
Python, Django
Serverless
MySQL, Aurora MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB,ElasticSearch, Redshift

DEVOPS
Docker
AWS, ECS, ECR, EC2, S3, Aur Secrets Manager, Cognito, CDK,
Heroku

DATA SCIENCE
Basics of Tensorflow.js and PyTorch
Pandas, Numpy and Scipy

TOOLS
GIT, SHELL
Figma, Adobe CC, Sketch
Houdini
QGis
